examples: Add bmi270 sample application without SCU (#487)
sonydevworld/spresense: sdk/configs/examples/i2c_direct/README.txt

> This configuration contains required options to use gyro example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration contains required options to use i2c_direct example.
```

[Source path]

> examples/gyro

Reviewer: ```suggestion
examples/i2c_direct
```
